Love lives by giving and forgiving. Ego lives by getting and forgetting.
Money comes and goes. Morality comes and grows.
Study to be steady.
Those anxious to live in joy must always be doing good.
See all work as spiritual exercise, as an offering. Then, work is transformed into worship.
Work is worship. Duty is God.
The best way to love God is to love all and serve all.
Conscience is our real power, strength, and awareness.
Some say that knowledge is power, but it is not true. Character is power.
Humanness means unity in thought, word, and deed.
Gratitude is our life-breath.
Oh!! you remembered me after a long time.
Be strict with yourself
Aim big
Be careful, I'm seeing everything.
I'm expecting more from you.
Greed will destroy all devotion and dedication.
You have made me proud.
Cleanliness is next to Godliness.
Don't waste food.
I shall guide and guard you.
Don't skip breakfast.
Money comes and goes, but morality comes and grows.
Swami loves you.
This too shall pass.
Don't waste your energy.
Practise what you preach.
Go to mandir.
Have sacred thoughts.
Chant Gayathri.
Chant Vedam.
Help Ever, Hurt Never.
I know everything about you
Be Equiminded when things go right or wrong
You will get success!
True happiness lies in making others happy
I am waiting for you
Be loving. Expand your heart
Don't speak lies
Give a helping hand
I shall grant your wish
I'm always with you, then why this unhappiness.
Help your mother in house hold work
Do your prayer with heart, not with lips
Speak softly and sweetly
My child, please don't fight
You need not tell me your wants, I know! I will give what you really need and deserve
Don't be lazy
sacrifice your wishes for others
You did not get angry today, very good
Write a letter to me
Don't waste money & other resources
Don't talk ill of others
You may go to any place, I will protect you
Think of me
I will look after your family, "Don't worry!"
Watch your words, actions, thoughts, ok?
Speak the truth and have the courage to accept your mistake
See me in others. Do not hurt me.
I will make everything all right for you
Study sincerely
Do your work sincerely
Read swami's books
Are you thinking that I don't know anything? Look! be careful.
Don't worry! I will hold your hand and lead you
Don't shout at others
Tell about your worries to me, I will listen
I am going to test you
Walk with me to reach your destiny
Past is past, why to survey the road? You are already safe
Don't believe in wordly matters, everything is temporary
I am unhappy with you
Be happy!
Don't be selfish, help others
Believe in me 'My child'
I just called you to say. 'I love you'
Your dreams will come true
I am waiting for you
He knows, He loves, He does, He cares and He's omnipresent
Do your best, I will do the Rest 
You are SAD, Oh! forget it! come and sing bhajans
You did not talk to me today
Why fear when I am here, put all your faith in me. I shall guide & guard you.
Be simple and sincere 
Have confidence and faith in me
Leave it me, I will take care
Respect your elders
People come when they need you, but I come when you need me
My blessings are with you
I'm saying; you are my child
My child! Don't ignore me
I am watching you
Swami doesn't like this
Be kind & generous, don't misbehave
Do your DUTY properly
Before you speak ask yourself: is it kind, is it necessary, is it true, does it improve the silence?
Ego = I go!
I am angry with you!
Don't waste food
